All right.
Let's get started with the first example which is hello.
As I mentioned previously we need to first of all switch to the environment that we're working on which
is machine learning Python 2019.
So we're going to activate that to get started.
Now the next thing is that I'm going to make use of Jupiter lab for the purpose of this tutorial.
So let's get started by clicking to launch.
Give it a few minutes and it will eventually switch to that screen for you.
So let me just go back to my this top machine learning and then the code.
OK.
So let's just close that all.
I don't need that.
I'm saying yes.
All right.
So this is a clean slate nominee.
This is what you will see on this.
This may be blank if you don't actually have any codes whatsoever or any files.
So on this side of the screen the launcher you can launch either a notebook and Python 3 or console
in Python 3 and a few other things as well.
So in our case what we want to do is actually select the hello world file.
Okay.
This is a notebook file.
So let's double click on that.
OK.
And this is the purpose of this exercise really is to just get you comfortable with how the Jupiter
notebook actually works.
What we have here is that the first is actually a cell which is also called Markdown cell.
There's a few types of cells here.
There is the code cell markdown and raw.
In this case we want to mark down because it gives us the rich formatted text the hash here.
Basically it means that this has had a 1 double hash means had a 2.
So the font gets smaller as you go to had a two to three and then this is just a normal text as you
can see here as I pressed Schiff return or just run the code himself using this.
What you have here is that the details of the in the code so get run and you get this beautiful rich
text format now I don't actually have all of these codes.
I wanted to start with a blank slate so what I can do is come to Col..
I can either restart kernel and restart clear or I'll put Alternatively I can actually select I can
actually select these clear outputs and or the output goes away.
This is just really a very simple illustration of the actual notebook itself.
What I'm going to do here is print the word tax.
Hello world.
You can see the syntax is that the word print and then you have an open bracket close bracket and then
using the process of the as to income past whatever that is.
Within that those are possibly to actually be.
Those are the text that is rendered onto the console.
So let's run that and what you have is the hello world example.
So I can actually come here copy and paste it crossed and what I would do here now is that I want to
change a little bit.
Instead of using single code I can use double quote and just delete this single quote have a take a
moment and have a think about it and say ask yourself what do you think will actually show what would
actually be illustrated.
What would the would the outcome be different this time round.
So let's run it.
If you've guessed that they are exactly the same.
You are absolutely correct.
In Python there are two ways to do the notation and the single quote or double code and both ways to
render the output the same way the other illustration I want to show you is that you can actually make
use of Python K as a calculated okay using python as a calculator.
All right.
So the typical one plus one you get the answer to.
I would just want to show you something how serious the one plus one.
Okay.
And then two plus two have a simple guess what could possibly be the output.
Do you think that it will show 2 and 4.
Well this is where I want to do this to actually show you the output so that you can actually experiment
with it.
And from this exercise you learn how to interact with Python so that you can actually receive the output
that you expect.
So if I run this strangely interesting the only two plus two is the outcome of two plus two as shown
one plus one is not shown.
And I'm going to show you an example after I do the print part on how to actually print both of these
examples out.
So printing it out shows you the output of one plus one.
So let me add a cell to error so you can actually use plus to add a cell or press the letter A.
So let me just copy this across and repeat that again.
Control C control the contrast use the copy.
Control the pace.
Now this is exactly the same as this do with the exception of the spacing.
All right.
So now this is exactly the same.
So if we run those you'll notice that both the actual calculation on the computation upward comes out.
All right.
So that kind of like illustrate how you can make use of python as a calculator.
Coming back here.
Well I've got a print text here onto the consoles and images rename this printing tags to the console.
OK so that's one way to do it.
The other one is using Python.
So that just makes the font it looks a little bit nicer.
I used to rehash all that these two are consistent.
Right.
I have this extra cell now.
What do I do.
I can actually use this clicker or scissors to delete that.
So now what I've shown you so far is not very useful because basically all that I've done is that I
tell patterned print Hello World to the console and print the actual computation onto the screen.
And quite often this is fairly useless.
It's not you know you can't do much with it where the power of programming becomes really handy is to
start storing the actual value of that variable itself.
So in this example here we're storing 5 to the variable name or variable call bar and we on this.
There's no output but if we want to see what what kind of value is being stored into the variable bar
we can run this and can see the output is 5.
Again this is to illustrate what we had before it only shows you the output the latest computation to
see if you can actually run these.
OK.
You have to do print and the other thing is that when you actually select these cells you have the code.
All right.
And just another characteristics of Jupiter no is that you notice that there are two solid blue bar
here.
That means that we have selected these cells to top up a bar.
This the code the second bar is actually the output console.
If I find that too I want to minimize the output I can actually click this blue bar to minimize that.
Okay.
The UN packet I can actually click that again to see the outcome of the actual output or console output.
This is quite a neat way to actually clean up your console.
OK.
The other thing is that I want to show you is that when you select this this is a code cell when you
select this.
This is actually a markdown.
And this looks distinctively like a formula mathematical formula.
So if I double click go in it can see that you can actually write formula in the markdown say I will
render it really really nicely as you can see the x's could do one seventh and this is quite a nice
way for you to actually while especially when you're actually trying to illustrate some concepts.
So there are a lot more functionality added for now.
This is really what I want to illustrate to you.
And the last compilation I want to show you is that how do you do power.
This is forward to the power five probe.
Difficult to know.
And I think probably two to the power of three is probably more useful you're more likely to know the
answer to that then fall to the power of fire.
So let's do through the policy the answer we know is eight.
Let's run this.
And sure enough that is indeed the answer that we have in mind.
But let's just check our understanding again to the power to what you get should be for.
And sure enough that is the answer that you get.
Right.
This is really a very quick rundown illustration of the Python The Jupiter not book interface.
How to work with it and the fact that it comes in different format.
Each code has the flexibility to be a code cell to be a markdown so I never saw raw of raw cell or that
I've illustrated to you so far is code and markdown and I've shown you that you can see when it is a
code you can use it to calculate to perform computation print screen as well as storing the data into
their variable in the RAM itself and for out that's really what I want to cover with you or hope that
you find it useful and to close this off or you to do is when you see the blue or green dot here it's
telling you that you have data and saved to save this you just pressed this diskette and sure enough
that comes to become a cross the cross basically means that you already save or the contents that you've
run and do so well having done that.
I just want to sign off this lesson.
Thank you for watching.
Let me just close this off and see you in the next lesson.